I bow to all the seekers of truth.
It gives Me tremendous pleasure
to be among the people of Milan,
which means the middle, the middle path.
The people who are in the middle path
are the best suited for their ascent,
because those who go to extremes
go away from reality.
But those who lead a moderate life,
a balanced life, a sensible life,
are very well suited for their ascent.
Now when we are seeking the truth,
we have to know also what is the truth.
The truth is that we are the Spirit.
We are not this body, this physical being, this mental being,
but we are the Spirit, the spiritual being.
In the process of our evolutionary ascent
we have come to this stage where we are called as human beings.
But we have not found yet our absolute.
We live in a very relative world.
That is why we are so restless, there are problems of wars,
there are problems of disintegration.
Now whatever I’m going to tell you
is the knowledge of the roots.
We know the tree but not the roots.
Italy is a country of traditions.
In the same way India is a country of tradition
but traditions of spirituality.
There have been people seeking in that country since ages,
and they have been able to find out something
so great about ourselves.
But there is no doubt
there are many fake people who have come abroad to make money.
One thing we must understand that we have become human beings,
we have evolved to this state without paying any money for it.
Anybody who takes money in the name of God or Divine
or any other power is a person who is absolutely fake.
Secondly, we have become human beings without any effort
so it has to be effortless. If it is a living process,
it has to be absolutely effortless.
If our evolution is done by some living process,
it has to be spontaneous. You cannot force a seed
to sprout out of the Mother Earth, can you?
So now people may say, “Then how do we become the Spirit?”
Sahaja word means: “Saha” means “with” and “ja” means “born.”
It’s born with you. The right to become the Spirit
is born with you.
That is you have a right to be the Spirit,
you have the mechanism within yourself to be the Spirit,
and that you are going to be the Spirit.
As you have been told about the centers within us,
these seven centers are nothing but the milestones
of our evolutionary state.
And this evolutionary state is to be expressed now
at its highest point where you become the Spirit.
But it is not any kind of an external behavior
that is going to make that.
Some people believe that if they change their dress
or if they jump or then they shout or stand on their heads,
they will become the Spirits – is absolutely not possible.
Or some people believe that becoming abnormal personalities
you will achieve something, is absolutely absurd.
You have to be a very normal person.
So the truth is that will happen to you, is in your awareness,
in your central nervous system.
We must accept the truth as it is
and we should not force ourselves or force the truth to be like us.
Now when you become the Spirit
then what happens that we should see.
Like Christ, He said that, “You are to be born again.”
So Nicodemus said, “Do you mean to say
that I have to enter into my mother’s womb again?”
So He said, “No, you are to be born of the Holy Ghost.
The Spirit is born of the Spirit,
and whatever is born of the Spirit is the Spirit.”
But many people are self-certified.
They call themselves “born-again,” all kinds of things,
and they believe that they are perfectly all right.
And that is the reason why today the modern people
don’t want to believe in anything that is divine
because they see the people who are professing religion and God
are horrible people.
There is no connection with the Divine. When there is no connection,
how can you have the power to be that which is Divine?
Like this instrument, if it is not connected to the mains,
is useless.
In this way we all should be connected to the Divine,
which is the all pervading power of God.
Now this power exists whether you believe it or not.
It pulsates into the atoms and molecules.
It pulsates in your heart.
It is everywhere working out so many things which are living.
We in our ego think we can do so many things.
But what do we do? We do dead work – from dead to dead.
We cannot produce one living flower,
and we cannot transform it into a fruit. Not even one.
So who does this living work? There must be
some sort of a power that does this work.
Now the people may say that, “This is nature.”
Whatever you may call, but this nature thinks, understands.
Because at different time of seasons,
different types of flowers come. What a tremendous task it is.
Now to become Spirit is your right.
And to become Spirit
is the way you have to be, that has to be.
Otherwise the problems of this world cannot be solved.
So when the Kundalini, which is the true desire within you,
manifests itself and you start feeling the cool breeze
of the Holy Ghost coming out of your head.
Then first thing that happens to you that in your awareness
you become collectively conscious.
I’m saying, “You become.” It is not a certificate.
It is not that you just feel like that
or you mentally think like that. It happens to you.
You can feel it, the cool breeze on top of your head coming out.
Cool breeze on top of your head is the real baptism
and not an artificial one.
Now also you start feeling cool breeze in your hand.
You start feeling this power all around,
this subtle, the subtlest of the power,
as it is ether all spread,
you start feeling it on your finger tips.
It is not an artificial belief that you start feeling.
You just feel it nicely on your finger tips.
Mohammed Sahib has said in Koran
– at length He has described the time of resurrection –
that, “At the time of Resurrection your hands will speak.”
But in the Islam people don’t talk of the Resurrection day.
Even in the Christian religion people don’t talk
of The Comforter to come. They talk of the doomsday
because then they are very powerful by that frightening stuff.
This all pervading power is the power of compassion, of love.
It is the most powerful power that you could think of.
It is neutralizing power of all that is ugly,
of all that is grotesque, of all that is immoral.
When the Kundalini rises She integrates you, all your chakras,
by that She integrates all your beings within you.
For example if you are doing something, we feel
that we should not have done it, that’s wrong.
We are not sure of whatever we have done is good or bad.
That means we live in the world of relativity not of absolute.
But when you start feeling these vibrations on your hand
of the Divine, you do not anymore live with relative world.
It is fantastic to know how fantastic you are,
how glorious you are within yourself when you get your Realization.
You become a new personality. Like an egg becoming a bird.
As a bird. Become as an egg, but comes a bird.
And you start feeling that absoluteness.
You ask any questions. You can ask a question, “Is there God?”:
You start getting tremendous cool breeze.
“Was Christ the son of God?”: You get tremendous breeze.
But if you ask about a man who is not a good person,
then immediately your hand starts burning.
Because the Spirit is the collective being,
your attention becomes collective.
You can pay attention to anyone sitting down here.
Just like ether you can feel another person,
you can know about another person and you can cure another person
– any far away.
And such a person develops his innocence back like a child.
And his eyes become so innocent
that the power of eyes is so great
that only looking at a person he can cure that person.
The lust and greed drops out of your eyes,
and you become innocent and powerful.
Then the person who gets Realization can suddenly become
extremely dynamic and extremely creative
because of the blessings of the second center
which is the center of creativity. That, I have known somebody
who had never seen any wood or anything,
and he has now become a rich man
just doing interior decoration after Realization.
Such a person becomes extremely aware of the aesthetics
of a personality, of the buildings, of everything.
The aesthetics, the deeper sense of aesthetics starts
bubbling through his awareness.
And the last of all he becomes deft,
He becomes expert in handling this power
and in giving Realization to others
and curing others and helping others.
Through the, through the blessings of the center of the Nabhi,
which we call as the Manipur Chakra,
you get the power by which you become a person
absolutely upright, righteous and virtuous.
I have seen people dropping all their bad habits
in one night sometimes, in one night.
Forgetting about the past completely and becoming
very different people of complete beauty
and divinity after Realization.
As the blessing of the heart chakra,
you become a person completely secured within yourself,
absolutely settled with yourself.
You neither aggress others nor take aggression upon yourself.
You feel so happy with yourself
and you give happiness to others and security to others,
and others feel nice in your company.
You can see in the life of Christ this has happened
that when people were throwing stones at Mary Magdalene,
He came and stood up before them fearlessly. He was fearless.
And He said, “Those who have not committed any sin
may throw the stone at Me.”
You are not afraid to talk, tell the truth.
You are not afraid to tell what is wrong.
You are not afraid of anyone,
but just you are always in a blissful state
of self-assurance.
In My work for the last 15 years
I’ve been flouting at all the fake gurus,
right from the very beginning, taking their names and telling them
what sort of horrible people they are.
But nobody has dared to put Me to any trouble whatsoever.
Because they know they are wrong;
they know they are doing harm to people.
They are trying to make money, they are befooling
and they are nasty people. They know it.
And once they know it, they dare not face the reality.
So one develops that sense of security within yourself
because you are the Spirit.
At the center of your Vishuddhi, which is placed here,
you develop a personality which is very balanced
and a personality which is very collective.
Now I would say that I have so many powers supposing.
I have powers so I am a capitalist. But I’m a communist,
because I cannot live without distributing it to others.
By God’s grace I’m happily married,
I have a nice family, I have grandchildren,
but I can’t live without giving what they are having their own.
I have to give it. I have to do it.
But this is the greatest joy-giving thing
that you receive what is yours.
Because I know you have this and I must give you what is yours.
As the blessing of this chakra,
which is actually placed in the optic chiasm, a very subtle chakra,
which is called as Agnya, that you get
a tremendous blessings of Christ
because this is the center of Christ.
Now they say that He died for our sins.
One must listen to it very carefully. They say He died for our sins.
So what does He do, when He’s awakened, what does He do for us?
When He is awakened at this point
then what He does He sucks in, from both the sides.
You can see the yellow and the …
it’s a very small thing for you to see.
But we have two big pouches in our head called ego and superego.
He sucks them in.
So the conditioning we have from the superego
and the aggression we have from the ego, both are sucked in.
So that a gap is made here
for the Kundalini to rise in the fontanel bone area.
So now we don’t have to suffer anymore.
He has suffered for us sufficiently.
If you ask for sufferings, it would be dangerous.
I do not know from where this idea as suffering has come.
Because Jews believed in sufferings and they suffered.
There is no need to suffer. Only if you awaken Christ here,
then the whole problem of our past deeds,
which are called as sins or anything
or whatever is our aggressiveness, everything is sucked in.
And at that point we become thoughtlessly aware.
There is no thought.
Thought is the biggest problem these days.
One doctor told Me that, “You can cut my throat,
do what you like Mother, but take away this thinking mind.
It’s all the time thinking.”
Now, one thought rises and falls off,
another thought rises and falls off;
We live on the cusp of the thoughts. And that’s why we are jumping,
our attention is very much restless.
So in between these two thoughts of the past and the future
we have in the center, a place where
the Kundalini pierces through.
And when that happens, then you become thoughtlessly aware.
Then all the petty thoughts of possessions,
petty thoughts of jealousy, of lust and greed
and all these petty things, just drop out.
Then you become in command of yourself, absolutely in command.
If you want, you will think, otherwise you will not think.
But now the thoughts that come to you,
come to you as true knowledge.
Mostly I work in the villages of India,
and one day I was going on a bullock cart
with a gentleman who is a Sahaja Yogi.
And I was amazed, he was talking like a great saint.
He is not educated, he has never seen the world.
He lives in a village, but he talks like a saint.
What university Christ went to? What university Nanaka went into?
Where do they go to study? Socrates? Nothing.
They had all the knowledge within themselves.
They sometimes ask Me, “Mother, are your disciples all scholars?”
I said, “No, they are very ordinary people.”
"All your children are they, are they scholars?"
But they are connected with the true knowledge which is fantastic.
And whatever they want to know, they know it.
Because Spirit is connected with the true source of knowledge.
Above that, when you enter into the limbic area
that is the Kingdom of God, that is promised to you long time back.
And when you pierce through this and you establish yourself
then you become doubtlessly aware, called as Nirvikalpa.
Powers of such a person are tremendous.
He’s forgiveness personified, he is compassion personified
and he is extremely powerful.
Mahatma Gandhi said once that, “Non-violence
can be only practiced by the powerful.”
SY: Excuse me.
SM: Should be practiced only by powerful people.
What is the non-violence of the weak? It has no meaning.
In the same way all the great saints, all the great prophets,
all of them has promised these days
that you have to have your Realization.
About 200 years back
a great saint was born in England, called as William Blake.
You too had Dante such a great saint in Italy.
In the same way there was a great saint born
as William Blake in England,
who has described in details about Sahaja Yoga.
He has prophesized about Sahaja Yoga in such details
and has told that,
“The men of God will become prophets.
And they’ll have powers to make others prophets.”
That time has come today.
And we have to work out in a way
that you all get your Realization.
It cannot be guaranteed.
But it can be guaranteed that if not today, tomorrow
or day after you’ll get your Realization in any case.
But after Realization you have to respect your Realization
and you have to lead a life
according to the understanding of this divine power.
At the most you need about a month, about a month.
People who got Realization in Milan only three weeks back
are now great Sahaja yogis.
So it is not so difficult as people think. Nothing is difficult.
It is sahaja: “Sahaj” also means “very easy.”
Because it is vital. Anything that is vital has to be easy.
Vital. Very necessary for life.
Like our breathing.
For our breathing if you have to go to the library
and find out how to breath, how many will exist?
Even children get the Realization in no time and they are experts.
It is so innate. It is so beautiful that we all should have it.
I’m very much thankful to you, to all the people of Milan
who have taken trouble to come today and I hope
you’ll come again tomorrow. I’ll explain to you more things
about the three channels that are within us
and hope today we’ll be able to work out the Kundalini-awakening.
Now we will have, first of all, some questions if you have.
And then we’ll start giving you this experience,
which is very simple, very easy to manifest.
Warren, I have to get now?
SM: Yes. They can ask some questions. Few question they can ask.
All right. Let them ask. One by one. All right.
All right. I'll, I'll work it out, all right? Don't you worry.
He is saying that something has happened to him two years back,
and he doesn’t know what has happened. [Apart: The voice is going].
So... It's all right.
SY: Needs to be amplified Mother.
SM: No, it's all right, it will work out. It's catching so much.
SY: o.k.
And I told him that "I'll work it out. Don’t you worry."
He feels the pressure on his head. So he’ll be fine.
Guido, just come. What's he's saying? She's saying something.
What is she saying?
Liver?
Yes. Don't you... That, that will be worked out, all right?
Yes, yes. Everything will be all right. Don't you worry.
Yes, yes, nothing to worry.
Yes, it will work out. Yes.
Don't you worry, Madam.
It's all right. You see it's better
to have these questions than to have horrible ones.
Yes, Shri Mataji.
No, I told her.
But tomorrow again I'll tell it, all right? That's a big question.
So don't you have a program? Oh, we have no program for tomorrow?
Only one?
I thought there's a program tomorrow.
Yes, Madam.
All these babajis, dadajis should be thrown in the [Hindi].
Luckily, luckily you have a center in Milan.
SY: Can you give the mike...?
It's all right. The [unclear] it's coming out if they can hear me.
Can you hear me, all of you there?
SM: Fine, then I'll stand.
SY: I'll keep it for you.
SM: She is asking that, “How are we to continue with it?”
I have to say that luckily we have a very good center here in Milan,
and everybody will help you out, tell you all about it,
and you don’t have to pay anything whatsoever.
Now, there’s a lady who asked Me how she can get rid of
evil forces upon herself.
All people who are suffering from such troubles
or who are suffering from other diseases, anything,
can come to Sahaja Yoga center,
and they will be told how to work it out,
and everybody will help you.
It is a very simple method, very simple.
SM: What is it?
SY: The relation between the Divine and evil force in our Spirit.
The relation between the Divine and the evil?
SM: I don’t understand the question.
It says, “What is the relationship between evil and the Divine?”
There is no relationship. It’s inimical.
SY: No. The question is: “Within us
how do divine and demonic forces work?”
SM: Oh, it’s a big question.
It is as simple as this that when you have the light,
the darkness runs away. It is as simple as that.
I must learn.
SY: When it happens that there is a calcification
of the brahmarandra there is an [impeachment]
an [impeachment]
of the spiritual growing, an impediment.
SM: Why?
SY: She is asking.
SM: No, no. No, no.
Even it opens out that’s the beginning,
that’s the beginning of the sprouting.
As the primule comes out of the seed, you see.
SY: There is a very good question, Shri Mataji.
“Why Jesus Christ and different other incarnations
had to pass through the crucifixion?”
SM: Oh, is a question of why Christ had to pass through crucifixion.
From Bible we cannot understand Christ so well
because only His short life of about four years is really there.
But actually He is Omkara.
He is the Alpha and Omega as said. He is that.
And He took His form
as an embodiment of innocence.
The original mistake we committed
when it was the question of Adam and Eve.
Pardon?
You, you tell Gregoire.
Now at that time we made a mistake.
If we had listened to what was to be,
we would have been realized souls long time back.
But we wanted to know everything ourselves
so we developed a terrible ego.
As a result of that we crossed over within ourselves.
when we raised our heads as human beings,
we crossed over our attention, and there was a big cross
through which nothing could pass through.
So the man, the human being was lost
between the cross-roads of the conditioning and the ego.
And to pass the Kundalini through that chakra was an impossibility.
So before Christ, it was believed in India
that we have to repent for our misdeeds
and we have to become very humble to get over our ego.
But it was prophesized that Mahavishnu will come,
and He will do the needful for you for Agnya Chakra.
So,
when Christ came, people did not understand Him in the West
or in Israel and all these places.
They never understood Him, what sort of a personality He was.
So Indians still believe that Mahavishnu still has to come
who will suck our ego and superego.
Krishna has said before Christ that the eternal life
cannot be killed, cannot be crucified, cannot be destroyed.
So Christ came, who was the embodiment of eternal life,
who was the embodiment of innocence, who could not be killed.
And that’s why His resurrection had to take place.
That’s why He was to be crucified to show
that eternal life can be resurrected.
So He was placed at that cross as the symbol of Resurrection.
The message of Christ is Resurrection.
All right, it was a long question. But if you ask such questions …
I have, I have spoken in London –
I don’t know, two thousand lectures are there.
There are so many lectures I have given all over the world.
And if you come to Sahaja Yoga, they’ll give you all these tapes and
you can understand about everything through them.
Though every day I’m traveling, traveling, traveling in Europe,
still it’s so unfortunate that I’m here only for one day.
Next time I’ll come for three days, I promise you.
SY: Oh, thank you.
[Hindi] (Shri Mataji is asking for water)
SM: I’ll start the Realization part.
All the people who are standing can come here and sit here.
It’s all right. Everybody, if you people can move, you can sit here.
You can sit in front. It’s better to be seated,
could be easier for Realization.
Or you could move inside here.
You could move also here in front.
They could move inside that.
Better sit. Take it.
Of course I am going to stand up.
Sitting for a talk.
Such seekers.
What did you say?
You take off your shoes.
We take out our shoes
because we have to be in contact with the Mother Earth.
That’s important.
And also they can remove spectacles because
they have to keep their eyes shut. So there is no need
to have spectacles. On the contrary it’s helpful to the eyes.
Now, you have to just sit very comfortably, very comfortably
with both the hands on your lap, just like this.
The left hand...
And the left hand is the one that suggests your desire, desire.
So you put your left hand all the time on your lap.
Loudly.
And the right hand is for your action,
which is to be used to nourish your different centers.
One has to be in a very cheerful mood,
not to be in a very melancholy way
because Italians get into that mood sometimes.
Now, put the left hand just like this all the time,
and the right hand has to go to different centers,
one on the heart, one here above on the stomach,
one below, and then you retrace it back again up to heart,
then bring it back here and then here and here and maybe here.
So that’s all you have to do which I’ll tell you one after another.
But please don’t open your eyes at all, till I tell you.
Please don’t open your eyes.
It’s the most joyous experience and the highest moment of your life.
So you should not be frightened of
anything. Be in a very happy mood.
Nothing will happen to you, as some people have told that
Kundalini gives this trouble and that trouble.
I have seen nobody suffers from this.
Because She is your individual mother.
So She is not going to trouble you at the time of your second birth.
She takes up all the trouble upon Herself.
At the very outset forget the past and forget the future.
Be in the present.
And three times I say, “Please don’t feel guilty.
Please don’t feel guilty. Please don’t feel guilty.”
Otherwise I cannot achieve the results.
So before starting you better tell in your heart all the time,
three times that, “I’m not guilty. I’m not guilty. I’m not guilty.”
You can address Me as Mother
or as Shri Mataji, whatever you think proper.
Ha, what do you say to "mother" in Italian?
SY: Madre.
SM: Madre. O.k.
SM: All right. So now please close your eyes.
If there is anything tight
you can loosen it a little bit, anything tight.
But please be comfortable and close your eyes
and keep the left hand like this.
You should not slouch back nor you should be very straight
but sit comfortably and without putting your head back
or forward but in a comfortable, normal, erect position.
Now please close your eyes.
Just close your eyes.
And say three times in your heart,
“Mother, I’m not guilty. Mother, I’m not guilty.
Mother, I’m not guilty.”
Now please put your right hand on your heart.
Please don’t open your eyes.
Now, in the heart resides your Spirit.
Loudly.
In the heart the Spirit is there,
so you have to ask Me a question inside, not loudly,
“Mother, am I the Spirit?” Ask the question three times,
with full confidence in yourself.
Tremendous.
Have full confidence in yourself.
Ask three times.
Now take this right hand down
onto the upper part of your abdomen, of your stomach
on the left hand side. We are working on the left hand side.
This is the center of the Primordial Master.
And as you are the Spirit, logically you are also your own master.
So now you have to ask a logical question:
“Mother, am I my own master?” Ask this question three times.
Three times.
Now take this hand, right hand, keeping left hand as it is,
take the right hand down in the lower part of the abdomen
on the left hand side.
This is the center of true knowledge
of the technique of the divine instrument.
So now, at this point
you have to ask Me. I cannot cross your freedom.
You have to say, “Mother, I want to have my Realization,
so give me true knowledge."
"Please give me pure knowledge”. Please say it six times
because this center has got six petals.
"Mother" is better.
Right hand [unclear].
Now raise this right hand again
back to the upper part of your abdomen.
This is the center of Primordial Master.
And now the first truth
you should know that you are your own master,
and you have to say with full confidence,
“Mother, I am my own master.” And this you have to say ten times.
Say it please ten times.
Loudly, I think. You have to say loudly. Some people can't hear.
SM: Loudly.
SY: Yes, Mother, of course.
Say it with full confidence. You are your own master.
You don’t need anyone.
SY: Left side is much better.
Right side.
Pani (water in Hindi). Water.
[Hindi]
All right.
Now please raise your hand to your heart
where resides the Spirit.
Here now again you have to assert
and assume your power as Spirit
by saying twelve times: “Mother, I am the Spirit.”
Very much better.
Now you have to know that the Divine is the ocean of love,
is the ocean of compassion.
Above all it is the ocean of forgiveness.
And the ocean of love.
So please don’t feel guilty.
And raise your hand now, right hand, at the base of your neck,
taking it backwards,
from the front.
This is the center which gets caught up when we feel guilty.
Now at this point you have to say sixteen times,
“Mother, I am not guilty.”
Better.
If you still feel guilty
then to punish yourself, better say hundred and eight times:
"Mother, I am not guilty."
Worked out. Now...
Now raise your hand to your forehead across, right hand.
Please close the eyes, don't open them.
At this point,
because it is the center of Christ, you have to say,
"Mother, I forgive everyone."
Now people might say
that we cannot forgive, it is very difficult.
But it is mythical.
It's absolutely mythical because
what do you do when you don`t forgive? You are torturing yourself.
So please say from your heart, "Mother, I forgive everyone".
Just forget it. It`s a big load on your head.
Better.
Hamsa.
Now, put back your hand, right hand,
on the back of your head at the base of it.
Now again,
again without feeling guilty, again, I said, without feeling guilty
you just say, "If we have done anything wrong,
if I have done anything wrong against the Divine,
please forgive me." But don't feel guilty!
But don't feel guilty for it!
SY: It's good.
It's little bit stuck at the place of the [unclear].
Take the head back.
You can raise your head a little bit towards the sky
when you`re saying that.
Better? Better now.
Now,
please put this hand, right hand, on top of your head
on the fontanel bone aria where you had a soft bone.
in your childhood. Press the palm.
And press it hard and try to move it clockwise.
Now, at this point again, I cannot cross your freedom,
so you have to say
that, "Mother, I want my Realization.
Please, give me my Realization". I cannot force it on you.
Press it hard and move it clockwise.
Please say it seven times.
They are masters.
Now you can put your right hand down on your lap
and feel from your left hand. Please don't open your eyes,
Raise about four-five inches above.
It is very subtle
Now see if there is a cool breeze.
Or you open your eyes, but don't think.
You can see Me, but don't think!
Start it.
You can change your hands and see.
Watch Me without thinking!
One hand should be like this and another hand should be here to see.
It's done.
Put your hand back. Put your hand.
Good.
Don't think!
Those who are feeling can just put both the hands like this.
Most of them.
Now, how to feel it in the hand?
It`s very important.
First you put up your hands like this and raise your head
and ask a question, "Is this the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost?"
"Is this the cool breeze of the chaitanya?"
"Is this the Cool Breeze of Brahma?" whichever way you want to ask.
Ask three times.
Now put down your hands.
See, are you feeling the cool breeze in the hands?
You must feel it in the hands. That's important
Something that is flowing, you'll feel
some sort of an energy that's flowing. Can feel it this way.
Now to add to the protection of yourself
we must learn that we have to give a protection to our being,
so that you put your auras into the protection.
We call it as bandhan in Sanskrit language.
What you do is to take the left hand from here,
raise it higher and and bring it down, one
then two, like that. Seven times.
I will tell you. And then you have to raise the Kundalini also, one
two...
All of you should do. Yes. Three.
It will be very helpful for people,
four
five,
six,
and seven.
Now, how you have to raise your own Kundalini.
Place your left hand in front of the Kundalini
when you are sitting down. Just like this, in front.
Left hand.
And the right hand is the action.
You have to move it clockwise around it.
Like this, and you have to take it up.
That's how the Kundalini rises. Let us start.
And then you have to give a knot.
There is, three times you have to do it and third time, three knots.
Let's do it now.
Once the left hand.
Push back your neck.
Now give it a twist
and a knot.
Now, again, once more.
Slowly, but the hand will be rising faster now.
Go back.
Second time.
Third time, three knots.
Go on.
One,
two
three.
Now, see.
All right?
Now those who are feeling the cool breeze in the head
or in the hands, raise your hands.
Both hands.
Raise both the hands.
Anything if you have felt here or in the hands.
What's he is saying?
SY: I think she's worried about the air conditioning, Mother.
SY: Just like everybody from everywhere.
Everyone feels that way. There's no air conditioning.
Because this works.
Is there the air conditioning? I didn't know.
All right. Now just see. Let's have
all the people who are feeling it.
May God bless you!
I hope you will take it up seriously.
Don't talk about it, don't discuss it.
And you must establish yourself like great trees
And next year I hope to come back to Milan.
Are you all right? Are you all right? [unclear]
He wants to thank. He wants to thank.
SM: This gentleman wants to thank.
SY: All right. Two minutes [unclear].
So all can have My photograph, all of you can.